## Data for paper, and advanced examples

This directory and the subdirectories contain the notebook and Python scripts that were used to generate all the plots for the scientific paper supporting AniMAIRE.

The full dose rate data across the entirety of GLE71 (the GLE which AniMAIRE was run across in the paper) can be found in `full_event_maps/` as both csv and pkl files (the pkl files are pickle-d Pandas DataFrames). The dose rate map file names referring the just the GLE are the dose rates correspond to anisotropic maps (using parameters determined by [Mishev et al. (2021)](https://agupubs.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.1029/2020SW002626)), the label `flat` refers to isotropic maps, and the label `total` refers to dose rates added to the cosmic ray-only dose rates.

The images for each figure in the paper and the specific data that were used to generate those figures are placed in the `figure_` subdirectories as both csv and pkl files. 

The `GLE71_plots_for_paper.ipynb` notebook was used to generate all of these data and figures, and if you wish to learn how to generate these figures/data yourself using AniMAIRE you could look through and run this notebook yourself. Note that the Python scripts in this directory contain lots of important functions that get imported by the notebook for various purposes, and some of the directories contained here contain data that is necessary for running these functions. (For instance, `investigationData` contains neutron monitor data from [gle.oulu.fi](https://gle.oulu.fi) that is used in some legacy functions).

Note that if you wish to run the entire notebook from scratch it will likely take several hours to run and reproduce all the plots and data here (AniMAIRE takes about 40 minutes per full world dose rate map on my computer - a Dell XPS 15 laptop with 6 processors). If you want to speed this up, AniMAIRE and the Python scripts I've placed in this directory save all of their results to several cache directories in the directory where it is run. I've left several cache directories I've previously generated in the `cache_directories.zip` file, if you unzip this file and place these cache directories into the same directory as the notebook and Python files here they should speed up calculations by at least a factor of 2. Also on subsequent runs after running the notebook once you should find the notebook will now execute in minutes rather than hours as the notebook will have generated the rest of the cache directories. 

The notebook was also used to generate many additional plots that weren't used in the final paper, these are saved to the `other_images` directory in case they are useful to others (note that many of these have not been tidied up, and may be messy, hard to read and understand).